# **Exercise**

1) what are the 3 pricing fundamentals of the AWS cloud?
   => compute(how long it ran), storage(how much you stored), Data transfer out of the cloud(but data transfer in the cloud is free) 

2) what do we consider when choosing an AWS region?
   => compliance with data governance(compliance requirement to store data in local regions), proximity(latency), avialble services(some services are not available in some regions), pricing(pricing might differ based on region) 

3) When a model is neither underfitting nor overfitting, it will have.
   => low bias and low variance

4) Which AI application is used to automatically extract structured data from various types of documents, such as invoices, contracts, and forms?
   => Intellegent Document Processing(IDP)
5) A company develops a machine learning model to predict stock prices. The model performs well on the training data but poorly on new, unseen data. Which option describes the fit of the model?
   => it overfits  
   
6) A marketing company wants to generate personalized product descriptions for an ecommerce client's website. The product descriptions must align with the unique style and tone of the existing website.
Which prompt engineering technique will meet these requirements with the LEAST operational effort?
      A Few-shot prompting with examples of well-written product descriptions
      B Zero-shot prompting without any examples
      C Fine-tuning to optimize the descriptions based on customer engagement metrics
      D Continued pre-training on a different domain
   ANS- A

7) A data science team wants to improve a model's performance. The data science team wants to increase the number of variables in the training dataset.
Which ML pipeline steps will meet these requirements
         A Hyperparameter tuning
         B Model evaluation
         C Feature engineering
         D Model monitoring
         E Data collection
   ANS- C, E

8) A travel company wants to use a pre-trained generative AI model to generate background images for marketing materials. The company does not have ML expertise. Additionally, the company does not want to customize and host the ML model.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?
      ANS- Bedrock 

9) What is a valid data format for instruction-based fine-tuning? 

               A Images that are labeled with categories
               B Playlists that are curated with recommended music
               C Prompt-response text pairs
               D Audio files with transcriptions

   Ans- c 

10) Which AWS service can detect text and handwriting from invoices that are stored in PNG format?
     
               A Amazon Polly
               B Amazon Textract
               C Amazon Kendra
               D Amazon Comprehend
      Ans: B

11) A company wants to use an open source foundation model (FM) to evaluate if contracts adhere to compliance rules.
Which AWS service will meet these requirements?  
            
            A Amazon SageMaker JumpStart
            B Amazon Textract
            C Amazon Kendra
            D Amazon Q Business
Ans : A